Add GEICO Tech to ADOPTERS.md (#5623)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: ADOPTERS.md

| [PZU Group](https://www.pzu.pl) | @MichaluxPL | 2024-08-26 | PZU is one of the largest financial institutions in Poland and also the largest insurance company in Central and Eastern Europe. CloudNativePG is used as on-premise cloud solution/DBaaS to provide highly available PostgreSQL clusters.|
| [Telnyx](https://www.telnyx.com) | @aryklein | 2024-09-24 | Telnyx leverages PostgreSQL as its relational database for internal services, managing databases with high availability using CloudNativePG across multiple Kubernetes clusters in different sites, with distributed replica clusters to ensure data redundancy and resilience. |
| [Alpcot](https://alpcot.se) | @svenakela | 2024-09-24 | Alpcot uses CloudNativePG for both public-facing and internal applications deployed in the cloud and in-house Kubernetes. |

> | [GEICO Tech](https://www.geico.com/tech/) | Jeremy Schneider | 2024-09-24 | GEICO Tech is building the most consumer-centric insurance offerings in America. CloudNativePG is used to provide a highly available Kubernetes-based Postgres service, both in the cloud and on-premises. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [GEICO Tech](https://www.geico.com/tech/) | @ardentperf | 2024-09-24 | GEICO Tech is building the most consumer-centric insurance offerings in America. CloudNativePG is used to provide a highly available Kubernetes-based Postgres service, both in the cloud and on-premises. |
```
